refactor(common/models): factor out word breakers to their own package (#3125)
keymanapp/keyman: common/models/wordbreakers/README.md

# `@keymanapp/models-wordbreakers`

> The word breakers bundled in Keyman's lexical model layer (LMLayer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The word breakers bundled in Keyman's modeling layer (common/models).
```
